Updated: CLA.md (#6422)
kubernetes/community: CLA.md

## How do I sign?

After creating your first Pull Request the linux-foundation-easycla bot will respond with information regarding your CLA status along with a link to sign the CLA.

<img width="1065" alt="EasyCLA bot" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69111235/152226443-f6fe61ee-0e92-46c5-b6ea-c0deb718a585.png">

#### 1. Authorize EasyCLA to read some of your GitHub information

<img width="554" alt="GitHub EasyCLA Authorization" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69111235/152228712-7d22f9d0-9f3c-4226-9ee0-bacba4b47725.png">

Click on the "Please click here to be authorized" link to navigate to the GitHub Authorize Linux Foundation: EasyCLA page. Then click Authorize LF-Engineering to give the Linux Foundation read-only access to list the email addresses associated with your GitHub account.

#### 2. Select from the two types of contributor

<img width="1407" alt="EasyCLA" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69111235/152224818-1246453a-b086-4a57-9d14-c10d62ad438f.png">

After authorizing EasyCLA, you will be redirected to a page to identify which type of contributor you are. 
Select the most appropriate option:

>   * Individual Contributor: To sign up as an individual or as an employee of a signed organization.
>   * Corporate Contributor: To sign as a corporation representative and manage signups from your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Individual Contributor: You are contributing as yourself, and not as part of another organization.
  * Corporate Contributor: You are contributing on behalf of your employer or other organization.
```

One last thing^^:;;
Missed it yesterday when reviewing.

Author: done :)

#### 3. Sign the CLA

Once you select your type of contributor proceed to Sign the CLA and follow the instructions to complete the signing process through DocuSign.

**Ensure your GitHub e-mail address matches e-mail address used to sign CLA**

> After you have carefully filled up the information, Click "Finish" and you will be redirected to your GitHub Pull Request page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have filled out  the information, Click "Finish" and you will be redirected back to your Pull Request.
```

#### 4. Look for an email indicating successful signup.

> Hello,
> 
> This is a notification email from EasyCLA regarding the project Cloud Native Computing > Foundation (CNCF).
> 
> The CLA has now been signed. You can download the signed CLA as a PDF here.
> 
> If you need help or have questions about EasyCLA, you can read the documentation or reach out to us for support.
> 
> Thanks,
> EasyCLA Support Team

#### 5. Validate your CLA

> Once you are redirected to your GitHub Pull Request, enter `/easycla` to check whether your CLA was signed successfully or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are redirected back to your GitHub Pull Request, reply with a comment `/easycla` to update the CLA status of your PR.
```
